Emperor Xu's sister is also eager to play music for the Empress Dowager
The emperor actually called it sacred in public
But I'm really going to be taken out of the cold palace
If my sister refuses to back track
Then this song will accompany
This guzheng seems familiar
Shen Xingyao is worthy of being the first talented woman recruited
Love is really amazing
Xu Linxi this time
Shame on you.
Not even worthy of backing tracks
Who made him talented in his daily life?
Have you met a master this time?
Wow, distant muscle memory is too strong
I can play a whole song with my shadow
You two
I am very satisfied with this song
As for the piano skills
I have a conclusion in my heart
Sister Shen, this song is so familiar
I'm afraid it's not Feng Qiuhuang
It is said that it was composed by my sister for the first lover
Is that right? I'm so good that I won't marry?
I'm so strong
Shen Aifei's Love Outstanding Award
What to reward
Sitting next to me
Is this a no-reward?